contracts/lib/forge-std/README.md, before:

# Forge Standard Library • [![CI status](https://github.com/foundry-rs/forge-std/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/foundry-rs/forge-std/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

Forge Standard Library is a collection of helpful contracts and libraries for use with [Forge and Foundry](https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry). It leverages Forge's cheatcodes to make writing tests easier and faster, while improving the UX of cheatcodes.

**Learn how to use Forge-Std with the [📖 Foundry Book (Forge-Std Guide)](https://getfoundry.sh/reference/forge-std/overview/).**

## Install

```bash
forge install foundry-rs/forge-std
```

## Contracts

### stdError

This is a helper contract for errors and reverts. In Forge, this contract is particularly helpful for the `expectRevert` cheatcode, as it provides all compiler built-in errors.

See the contract itself for all error codes.

#### Example usage

```solidity

import "forge-std/Test.sol";

contract TestContract is Test {
    ErrorsTest test;

    function setUp() public {
        test = new ErrorsTest();
    }

    function testExpectArithmetic() public {
        vm.expectRevert(stdError.arithmeticError);
        test.arithmeticError(10);
    }
}

contract ErrorsTest {
    function arithmeticError(uint256 a) public {
        a = a - 100;
    }
}
```

### stdStorage

This is a rather large contract due to all of the overloading to make the UX decent. Primarily, it is a wrapper around the `record` and `accesses` cheatcodes. It can _always_ find and write the storage slot(s) associated with a particular variable without knowing the storage layout. The one _major_ caveat of this is while a slot can be found for packed storage variables, we can't write to that variable safely. If a user tries to write to a packed slot, the execution throws an error, unless it is uninitialized (`bytes32(0)`).

This works by recording all `SLOAD`s and `SSTORE`s during a function call. If there is a single slot read or written to, it immediately returns the slot. Otherwise, behind the scenes, we iterate through and check each one (assuming the user passed in a `depth` parameter). If the variable is a struct, you can pass in a `depth` parameter which is basically the field depth.

I.e.:

```solidity
struct T {
    // depth 0
    uint256 a;
    // depth 1
    uint256 b;
}
```

#### Example usage

```solidity
import "forge-std/Test.sol";

contract TestContract is Test {
    using stdStorage for StdStorage;

    Storage test;

    function setUp() public {
        test = new Storage();
    }

    function testFindExists() public {
        // Let's say we want to find the slot for the public
        // variable `exists`. We just pass in the function selector
        // to the `find` command
        uint256 slot = stdstore.target(address(test)).sig("exists()").find();
        assertEq(slot, 0);
    }

    function testWriteExists() public {
        // Let's say we want to write to the slot for the public
        // variable `exists`. We just pass in the function selector
        // to the `checked_write` command
        stdstore.target(address(test)).sig("exists()").checked_write(100);
        assertEq(test.exists(), 100);
    }

    // It supports arbitrary storage layouts, like assembly-based storage locations
    function testFindHidden() public {
        // `hidden` is a random hash of bytes; iterating through slots would
        // not find it. Our mechanism does
        // Also, you can use the selector instead of a string
        uint256 slot = stdstore.target(address(test)).sig(test.hidden.selector).find();
        assertEq(slot, uint256(keccak256("my.random.var")));
    }

    // If targeting a mapping, you have to pass in the keys necessary to perform the find
    // i.e.:
    function testFindMapping() public {
        uint256 slot = stdstore
            .target(address(test))
            .sig(test.map_addr.selector)
            .with_key(address(this))
            .find();
        // in the `Storage` constructor, we wrote that this address' value was 1 in the map
        // so when we load the slot, we expect it to be 1
        assertEq(uint(vm.load(address(test), bytes32(slot))), 1);
    }

    // If the target is a struct, you can specify the field depth:
    function testFindStruct() public {
        // NOTE: see the depth parameter - 0 means 0th field, 1 means 1st field, etc.
        uint256 slot_for_a_field = stdstore
            .target(address(test))
            .sig(test.basicStruct.selector)
            .depth(0)
            .find();

        uint256 slot_for_b_field = stdstore
            .target(address(test))
            .sig(test.basicStruct.selector)
            .depth(1)
            .find();

        assertEq(uint(vm.load(address(test), bytes32(slot_for_a_field))), 1);
        assertEq(uint(vm.load(address(test), bytes32(slot_for_b_field))), 2);
    }
}

// A complex storage contract
contract Storage {
    struct UnpackedStruct {
        uint256 a;
        uint256 b;
    }

    constructor() {
        map_addr[msg.sender] = 1;
    }

    uint256 public exists = 1;
    mapping(address => uint256) public map_addr;
    // mapping(address => Packed) public map_packed;
    mapping(address => UnpackedStruct) public map_struct;
    mapping(address => mapping(address => uint256)) public deep_map;
    mapping(address => mapping(address => UnpackedStruct)) public deep_map_struct;
    UnpackedStruct public basicStruct = UnpackedStruct({
        a: 1,
        b: 2
    });

    function hidden() public view returns (bytes32 t) {
        // an extremely hidden storage slot
        bytes32 slot = keccak256("my.random.var");
        assembly {
            t := sload(slot)
        }
    }
}
```

### stdCheats

This is a wrapper around miscellaneous cheatcodes that need wrappers to be more dev-friendly. Currently there are only functions related to `prank`. In general, users may expect ETH to be put into an address with `prank`, but this is not the case for safety reasons. Explicitly, this `hoax` function should only be used for addresses that have expected balances as it will get overwritten. If an address already has ETH, you should just use `prank`. If you want to change that balance explicitly, just use `deal`. If you want to do both, `hoax` is also right for you.

#### Example usage:

```solidity

// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT OR Apache-2.0
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

import "forge-std/Test.sol";

// Inherit the stdCheats
contract StdCheatsTest is Test {
    Bar test;
    function setUp() public {
        test = new Bar();
    }

    function testHoax() public {
        // we call `hoax`, which gives the target address
        // eth and then calls `prank`
        hoax(address(1337));
        test.bar{value: 100}(address(1337));

        // overloaded to allow you to specify how much eth to
        // initialize the address with
        hoax(address(1337), 1);
        test.bar{value: 1}(address(1337));
    }

    function testStartHoax() public {
        // we call `startHoax`, which gives the target address
        // eth and then calls `startPrank`
        //
        // it is also overloaded so that you can specify an eth amount
        startHoax(address(1337));
        test.bar{value: 100}(address(1337));
        test.bar{value: 100}(address(1337));
        vm.stopPrank();
        test.bar(address(this));
    }
}

contract Bar {
    function bar(address expectedSender) public payable {
        require(msg.sender == expectedSender, "!prank");
    }
}
```

### Std Assertions

Contains various assertions.

### `console.log`

Usage follows the same format as [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network/reference/#console-log).
It's recommended to use `console2.sol` as shown below, as this will show the decoded logs in Forge traces.

```solidity
// import it indirectly via Test.sol
import "forge-std/Test.sol";
// or directly import it
import "forge-std/console2.sol";
...
console2.log(someValue);
```

If you need compatibility with Hardhat, you must use the standard `console.sol` instead.
Due to a bug in `console.sol`, logs that use `uint256` or `int256` types will not be properly decoded in Forge traces.

```solidity
// import it indirectly via Test.sol
import "forge-std/Test.sol";
// or directly import it
import "forge-std/console.sol";
...
console.log(someValue);
```

## Contributing

See our [contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Getting Help

First, see if the answer to your question can be found in [book](https://getfoundry.sh/).

If the answer is not there:

- Join the [support Telegram](https://t.me/foundry_support) to get help, or
- Open a [discussion](https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry/discussions/new/choose) with your question, or
- Open an issue with [the bug](https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry/issues/new/choose)

If you want to contribute, or follow along with contributor discussion, you can use our [main telegram](https://t.me/foundry_rs) to chat with us about the development of Foundry!

## License

Forge Standard Library is offered under either [MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or [Apache 2.0](LICENSE-APACHE) license.

Commit message:

feat: Add Audition and Season Registries with associated logic
- Implemented AuditionRegistry contract for managing auditions, including submission and status updates.
- Implemented SeasonRegistry contract for managing seasons, including creation and status updates.
- Added tests for Season and Audition functionalities to ensure correct behavior.
- Introduced TypeScript types for agents, auditions, performances, and seasons to enhance type safety and clarity in the codebase.
- Created JSON output files for console and safeconsole contracts.

contracts/lib/forge-std/README.md, after:

# Forge Standard Library • [![CI status](https://github.com/foundry-rs/forge-std/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/foundry-rs/forge-std/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

Forge Standard Library is a collection of helpful contracts and libraries for use with [Forge and Foundry](https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry). It leverages Forge's cheatcodes to make writing tests easier and faster, while improving the UX of cheatcodes.

**Learn how to use Forge-Std with the [📖 Foundry Book (Forge-Std Guide)](https://getfoundry.sh/reference/forge-std/overview/).**

## Install

```bash
forge install foundry-rs/forge-std
```

## Contracts

### stdError

This is a helper contract for errors and reverts. In Forge, this contract is particularly helpful for the `expectRevert` cheatcode, as it provides all compiler built-in errors.

See the contract itself for all error codes.

#### Example usage

```solidity

import "forge-std/Test.sol";

contract TestContract is Test {
    ErrorsTest test;

    function setUp() public {
        test = new ErrorsTest();
    }

    function testExpectArithmetic() public {
        vm.expectRevert(stdError.arithmeticError);
        test.arithmeticError(10);
    }
}

contract ErrorsTest {
    function arithmeticError(uint256 a) public {
        a = a - 100;
    }
}
```

### stdStorage

This is a rather large contract due to all of the overloading to make the UX decent. Primarily, it is a wrapper around the `record` and `accesses` cheatcodes. It can _always_ find and write the storage slot(s) associated with a particular variable without knowing the storage layout. By default, writing to packed storage variables is not supported and will throw an error. However, you can enable packed slot support by calling `enable_packed_slots()` before using `find()` or `checked_write()`.

This works by recording all `SLOAD`s and `SSTORE`s during a function call. If there is a single slot read or written to, it immediately returns the slot. Otherwise, behind the scenes, we iterate through and check each one (assuming the user passed in a `depth` parameter). If the variable is a struct, you can pass in a `depth` parameter which is basically the field depth.

I.e.:

```solidity
struct T {
    // depth 0
    uint256 a;
    // depth 1
    uint256 b;
}
```

#### Example usage

```solidity
import "forge-std/Test.sol";

contract TestContract is Test {
    using stdStorage for StdStorage;

    Storage test;

    function setUp() public {
        test = new Storage();
    }

    function testFindExists() public {
        // Let's say we want to find the slot for the public
        // variable `exists`. We just pass in the function selector
        // to the `find` command
        uint256 slot = stdstore.target(address(test)).sig("exists()").find();
        assertEq(slot, 0);
    }

    function testWriteExists() public {
        // Let's say we want to write to the slot for the public
        // variable `exists`. We just pass in the function selector
        // to the `checked_write` command
        stdstore.target(address(test)).sig("exists()").checked_write(100);
        assertEq(test.exists(), 100);
    }

    // It supports arbitrary storage layouts, like assembly-based storage locations
    function testFindHidden() public {
        // `hidden` is a random hash of bytes; iterating through slots would
        // not find it. Our mechanism does
        // Also, you can use the selector instead of a string
        uint256 slot = stdstore.target(address(test)).sig(test.hidden.selector).find();
        assertEq(slot, uint256(keccak256("my.random.var")));
    }

    // If targeting a mapping, you have to pass in the keys necessary to perform the find
    // i.e.:
    function testFindMapping() public {
        uint256 slot = stdstore
            .target(address(test))
            .sig(test.map_addr.selector)
            .with_key(address(this))
            .find();
        // in the `Storage` constructor, we wrote that this address' value was 1 in the map
        // so when we load the slot, we expect it to be 1
        assertEq(uint(vm.load(address(test), bytes32(slot))), 1);
    }

    // If the target is a struct, you can specify the field depth:
    function testFindStruct() public {
        // NOTE: see the depth parameter - 0 means 0th field, 1 means 1st field, etc.
        uint256 slot_for_a_field = stdstore
            .target(address(test))
            .sig(test.basicStruct.selector)
            .depth(0)
            .find();

        uint256 slot_for_b_field = stdstore
            .target(address(test))
            .sig(test.basicStruct.selector)
            .depth(1)
            .find();

        assertEq(uint(vm.load(address(test), bytes32(slot_for_a_field))), 1);
        assertEq(uint(vm.load(address(test), bytes32(slot_for_b_field))), 2);
    }
}

// A complex storage contract
contract Storage {
    struct UnpackedStruct {
        uint256 a;
        uint256 b;
    }

    constructor() {
        map_addr[msg.sender] = 1;
    }

    uint256 public exists = 1;
    mapping(address => uint256) public map_addr;
    // mapping(address => Packed) public map_packed;
    mapping(address => UnpackedStruct) public map_struct;
    mapping(address => mapping(address => uint256)) public deep_map;
    mapping(address => mapping(address => UnpackedStruct)) public deep_map_struct;
    UnpackedStruct public basicStruct = UnpackedStruct({
        a: 1,
        b: 2
    });

    function hidden() public view returns (bytes32 t) {
        // an extremely hidden storage slot
        bytes32 slot = keccak256("my.random.var");
        assembly {
            t := sload(slot)
        }
    }
}
```

### stdCheats

This is a wrapper around miscellaneous cheatcodes that need wrappers to be more dev-friendly. It includes functions for pranking, dealing with ETH and tokens, deploying contracts, creating test addresses, time manipulation, and fuzzing helpers. In general, users may expect ETH to be put into an address with `prank`, but this is not the case for safety reasons. Explicitly, this `hoax` function should only be used for addresses that have expected balances as it will get overwritten. If an address already has ETH, you should just use `prank`. If you want to change that balance explicitly, just use `deal`. If you want to do both, `hoax` is also right for you.

#### Example usage:

```solidity

// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT OR Apache-2.0
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

import "forge-std/Test.sol";

// Inherit the stdCheats
contract StdCheatsTest is Test {
    Bar test;
    function setUp() public {
        test = new Bar();
    }

    function testHoax() public {
        // we call `hoax`, which gives the target address
        // eth and then calls `prank`
        hoax(address(1337));
        test.bar{value: 100}(address(1337));

        // overloaded to allow you to specify how much eth to
        // initialize the address with
        hoax(address(1337), 1);
        test.bar{value: 1}(address(1337));
    }

    function testStartHoax() public {
        // we call `startHoax`, which gives the target address
        // eth and then calls `startPrank`
        //
        // it is also overloaded so that you can specify an eth amount
        startHoax(address(1337));
        test.bar{value: 100}(address(1337));
        test.bar{value: 100}(address(1337));
        vm.stopPrank();
        test.bar(address(this));
    }
}

contract Bar {
    function bar(address expectedSender) public payable {
        require(msg.sender == expectedSender, "!prank");
    }
}
```

### Std Assertions

Contains various assertions.

### `console.log`

Usage follows the same format as [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network/reference/#console-log).
It's recommended to use `console2.sol` as shown below, as this will show the decoded logs in Forge traces.

```solidity
// import it indirectly via Test.sol
import "forge-std/Test.sol";
// or directly import it
import "forge-std/console2.sol";
...
console2.log(someValue);
```

If you need compatibility with Hardhat, you must use the standard `console.sol` instead.
Due to a bug in `console.sol`, logs that use `uint256` or `int256` types will not be properly decoded in Forge traces.

```solidity
// import it indirectly via Test.sol
import "forge-std/Test.sol";
// or directly import it
import "forge-std/console.sol";
...
console.log(someValue);
```

## Contributing

See our [contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Getting Help

First, see if the answer to your question can be found in [book](https://getfoundry.sh/).

If the answer is not there:

- Join the [support Telegram](https://t.me/foundry_support) to get help, or
- Open a [discussion](https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry/discussions/new/choose) with your question, or
- Open an issue with [the bug](https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry/issues/new/choose)

If you want to contribute, or follow along with contributor discussion, you can use our [main telegram](https://t.me/foundry_rs) to chat with us about the development of Foundry!

## License

Forge Standard Library is offered under either [MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or [Apache 2.0](LICENSE-APACHE) license.
